Adds Decorative and Informative Icon support in terra-button (#3640)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/button/UpgradeGuide.3.doc.mdx

# Terra Button Upgrade Guide

## Changes from version 3 to version 4

> * Added new sub-component terra-icon-button to display decorative and informative icons within button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new sub-component IconButton to display decorative and informative icons within button.
```

Author: [updated](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/3640/commits/c5a73564b94b97cb0c54c2fcd01371579564e7c7#diff-422cd4a22ac018e6c4f5406b5e3acb26bf24b1b2233c006f4d6ae1153e447b16)

### Terra Button Changes
* `icon`, `isIconOnly` and `isReversed` props have been moved to terra-icon-button.

> * `Utility` variant have been moved to terra-icon-button.

Author: [updated](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/3640/commits/c5a73564b94b97cb0c54c2fcd01371579564e7c7#diff-422cd4a22ac018e6c4f5406b5e3acb26bf24b1b2233c006f4d6ae1153e447b16)

> * `Utility` variant have been moved to terra-icon-button.

Author: [updated](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/3640/commits/c5a73564b94b97cb0c54c2fcd01371579564e7c7#diff-422cd4a22ac018e6c4f5406b5e3acb26bf24b1b2233c006f4d6ae1153e447b16)
